README.markdown, before:

# Novell.Directory.LDAP

This is a GitHub mirror of the `Novell.Directory.LDAP` library which is primarily hosted by Novell directly (original [here](http://www.novell.com/developer/ndk/ldap_libraries_for_c_sharp.html)).

This mirror hosts the sources for v2.1.11 for convenience, since it is otherwise necessary to use FTP to obtain the source code.

`Mono.Security.dll` is also included, taken unmodified from the v2.10 Windows binary release of Mono. The sources for this binary are available [here](https://github.com/mono/mono/tree/mono-2-10).

It is necessary to include the `Mono.Security.dll` assembly when running on .NET on Windows.

It is thought that this mirror is acceptable under the MIT license (intact in the LICENSE file) under which both `Novell.Directory.LDAP` and `Mono.Security.dll` are released.

## Building (Windows/.NET)

From a Developer Command Prompt:

```
> build.bat
```

### Building (Linux/Mono)

From a shell with mono available on `PATH`:

```
$ build.sh
```

Commit message:

Move and rename XML documentation
Documentation is now generated into /lib rather than /doc
Documentation is now named as per the assembly

README.markdown, after:

# Novell.Directory.LDAP

This is a GitHub mirror of the `Novell.Directory.LDAP` library which is primarily hosted by Novell directly (original [here](http://www.novell.com/developer/ndk/ldap_libraries_for_c_sharp.html)).

This mirror hosts the sources for v2.1.11 for convenience, since it is otherwise necessary to use FTP to obtain the source code.

Minor modifications have been made to the build script to output XML documentation files with more appropriate names.

`Mono.Security.dll` is also included, taken unmodified from the v2.10 Windows binary release of Mono. The sources for this binary are available [here](https://github.com/mono/mono/tree/mono-2-10).

It is necessary to include the `Mono.Security.dll` assembly when running on .NET on Windows.

It is thought that this mirror is acceptable under the MIT license (intact in the LICENSE file) under which both `Novell.Directory.LDAP` and `Mono.Security.dll` are released.

## Building (Windows/.NET)

From a Developer Command Prompt:

```
> build.bat
```

### Building (Linux/Mono)

From a shell with mono available on `PATH`:

```
$ build.sh
```
